It turns out Olaf is merely a qualifier for an even bigger and more ridiculous tournament to prove your fighting prowess. The reigning champion is a massive rock troll and understandably has never been beaten. If you manage to take him down with your fists you become crowned the Champion of Champions and receive the Brawl Master achievement.
It turns out Olaf, the reigning fistfighting champion, is a large bear and packs a mean punch. It's likely not a development the average player will expect but makes for an epic quest to complete. 
In Skellige players can get into the local fight club and knock opponents silly for money and glory. If you can take down the three fighters in the Skellige chapter, you qualify for a fistfight to the death against the reigning champion, Olaf.
At a specific time of night and a specific location in the waters of Skellige, a ghost ship emerges only for a brief moment. This happens once each and every day. Wanna go ghost hunting?
Joey Batey, who plays the comic sidekick Jaskier, is a talented lute player, and the casting director was pleasantly surprised when Batey came to the audition in costume with a lute and performed a song for her.
At the peak of the most distant mountain on Toussaint's horizon sits a photo of the development team on an easel between two pillars. However, you can only reach it by using the game's debug free camera and teleporting Geralt to its location.
After defeating Olaf in a 'fistfighting' match, citizens of the area will refer to David and Goliath moments as 'pulling a Geralt' in reference to your impressive feat.
If players stick to the roadways while on horseback Roach will automatically follow them and no longer lose stamina. It doesn't help when escaping a forest, but traveling the highways goes much faster.
While this trick doesn't remove fall damage, it does mitigate it a little and can give you a second chance at life or open up shortcuts. If the player enters a roll just as their character is about to hit the ground it will lessen the impact of the fall.
It turns out the Axii sign not only works on Roach, but other animals. Animals like cats and deer will become bewitched by the Axii sign and follow Geralt around so long as they're within the aura of his sign.
Players have also found out that the Axii sign can be useful in the main quest 'A Princess In Distress'. Instead of trying to use the bell, players can use the Axii sign to bewitch her into following. Admittedly it makes progress slower, but animals under this spell are much more compliant.
Hearts of Stone introduces two vanity items for Geralt. One of them is The Professor's spectacles bought at Borsodi's auction house during the Open Sesame! quest. The other, Ass ears, can be received if Geralt loses the game of Gwent with halflings at the wedding reception during Dead Man's Party.
Very late in production, the staff realized that Geralt should be able to wear both of the vanity items simultaneously. This is why, after you finish both quests, you can go to the circus troupe camp to find a crafting recipe for Concealment kit, combine the spectacles and ears into one item and let Geralt conceal his true identity.
The amount of soup in the pot when dining with the Spoon Collector in Blood and Wine reflects the amount of soup actually eaten during this scene. The level of soup is thus dependant on player's dialogue picks. True definition of choices and consequences!
If you complete pig-chasing contest during Dead Man's Party quest in Hearts of Stone, your reward is a pig plushie for Shani. She clearly loves it and we can later see it laying in her bed indicating that she might be sleeping with it... It's also among the first things she packs when moving. 
